---
id: inprogress-qx95
title: Inprogress QX95
---

The default channel order on my Q X7 was set to AETR while the QX 95 expects the channel order to be TAER.

After creating a new model and setting its name to QX95 and setting the internal RF mode to D8 I went to the mixer screen, went down to CH5, pressed ENTER, went down to source and pressed ENTER again and flipped the _SF_ switch. That was it for setup - then I just pressed EXIT repeatedly until I returned to the main screen.

On my board there's a small RED LED that's always on when there is battery power and beside it is a small blue LED.

Near the middle of the same side that has the bind pins is a larger green LED (in the manual it is shown as being blue).

When unbound (or bound and the transmitter is turned off) the blue and green LEDs flash.

When the bind pins are shorted and the battery connected the green LED is solid (rather than flashing).

I tried shorting the bind pins with all kinds of apparently metallic things that were clearly less conductive than I imagined.

When I did this and connected power the green LED always flashed - indicating that it was not in binding mode.

It was only when I held a small piece of copper against the pins with a pliers that the LED eventually came on solid when power was connected.

After that binding went as described in the manual (except for my LED being green while the manual referred to a blue one).

When bound and the transmitter is on the green LED is solid and the small blue LED is off until you flip the arm switch (_SF_ in my case), at which point it goes solid.

---

I installed the CleanFlight configurator from https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cleanflight-configurator/enacoimjcgeinfnnnpajinjgmkahmfgb/related?hl=en

On connecting it dumped me straight into CLI mode as the CleanFlight version on the QX 95 was too old for the configurator.

You enter command via the little text field below the main CLI panel (and not by typing directly into this panel).

I backed up the current setup by entering "dump" and copying the resulting output to a text file.

Then I disconnected and went to the _Firmware Flasher_ tab and selected SPRACINGF3EVO as my board type (you'll see SPRACINGF3EVO in output that was generated by dump).

The original firmware on my board was 1.13.0 (which was released 2016-06-06) and I selected the latest available version for the upgrade (which as the time of writing was 2.0.3 released on 2017-06-20).

Then I pressed _Load Firmware [Online]_ and then once downloaded pressed _Flash Firmware_.

The firmware updated successfully and on pressed _Connect_ afterwards I went into the normal configuration UI rather than the CLI.

Now I could backup the normal way (press _Backup_ on the _Setup_ tab).

Under _Setup_ I pressed _Calibrate Accelerometer_.

---

# defaults

Paste in diff

# save

---

Setup flight modes on _SA_ - just set angle and horizon. I tried beeper but it seems one has to wire up a beeper for this to work.

Note: in order of skill the modes are:

* Angle - beginner
* Horizon - intermediate
* Air mode - expert

---

While unarmed move the throttle to the upper left corner and the right stick to the bottom middle (as per the CleanFlight [stick positions](https://github.com/cleanflight/cleanflight/blob/master/docs/Controls.md)) - this will recalibrate the acceleromter.

---

When the propellers would no longer turn the removed battery shows a voltage of about 3.2V if you test it with a multimeter.

A battery discharged to this level takes about 80 minutes to recharge.
